Virtual Light Table - Installation Instructions


PREREQUISITES

The VLT requires a functional Python 3.x installation (https://www.python.org/downloads/). Additionally, the VLT will check for and download if necessary a couple
of python libraries:
- Numpy
- Pillow/open-cv
- certifi

This should happen automatically. A starting script will check for the correct python command (python or python3) and use the corresponding pip installer to download
the packages. If this should not work, you can install these packages manually. Open a command line interface (CLI) and type

python --version
or
python3 --version

to verify that Python 3.x is installed and functional. Then use

pip install numpy pillow certifi
or
pip3 install numpy pillow certifi

to install the necessary packages. The usage of python or python3 depends on your personal configuration.




MacOS (tested on macOS Monterey 12.6.1)

Install
1. Download most recent VLT application archive.
2. Unpack zip-file into arbitrary directory. In my case, the downloaded archive was automatically unpacked. You can still move the resulting folder.
3. Visit the directory just created and open the "virtual-light-table" file. The software has not been certified, so macOS might refuse to open the application. In that case, try to open the application by CMD+left click on it and selecting open. macOS informs you that it is still not able to verify the developer, but allows you to open the application anyway.

Deinstall
1. Search for the folder with the Virtual Light Table in it and remove it.




WINDOWS (tested on Windows 10 x64)

Install
1. Download the most recent VLT application archive.
2. Unpack zip-file into arbitrary directory.
3. Visit the newly created directory and start the application by running the "virtual-light-table.exe" file.
4. Windows might inform you that the application (and its developer) is unknown. By clicking on "more information" it will give you the choice to run the application nonetheless.

Deinstall
1. Search for the folder with the Virtual Light Table in it and remove it.